This is a list of possible treatments for fin rot, fin loss, and fungal/bacterial infection:

-Test water regularly for ammonia, nitrite, and nitrate

-More hiding spaces to reduce stress?

-Aquarium salt?

-Antibiotics?

-Raise temperature to 82 to 86 degrees Fahrenheit?

-Change 50% of water every other day during treatment?

-----------

SOURCES

Fungal Infection
https://www.bettaboxx.com/betta-disease-illness/fungal-infection

"What To Do If Your Betta Has A Fungal Infection

Once you have identified a fungal infection, the betta needs to be isolated. We recommend following these steps.  Do not follow this treatment method for more than 10 days. If this treatment does not work, try using the medication below.

1. Unless it is already at this temperature, lower the temperature of your aquarium and let it sit at anything from 75°F to 77°F.

2. Add aquarium salt to the aquarium water – 1 tsp per gallon. We recommend API Aquarium Salt – view it here on Amazon.

3. Change 80% of the aquarium water every day for the next 10 days, adding the correct amount of salt specified."

-----------

Fin Rot
https://www.aquariumcoop.com/blogs/aquarium/fin-rot

Aquarium Salt for Sick Fish
https://www.aquariumcoop.com/blogs/aquarium/aquarium-salt-for-sick-fish

"Level 1 Treatment
1 Tbsp Salt per 3 Gallons of Water

Add 1 tablespoon (Tbsp) of salt per 3 gallons of water. You can pour the salt directly into the aquarium or hospital tank, but some people like to dissolve the salt in a small cup of water first. This level of salt is like using Neosporin topical ointment for a small cut (in other words, it’s not very strong). It’s used to fight mild cases of bacterial and fungal infection. Plus, it gently irritates the fish’s slime coat, causing the fish to make more beneficial mucus that can block some parasites and microorganisms from reaching its body.

We’ve kept and sold thousands of fish at our fish store, and this level of salt is safe for virtually all fish – except anchor catfish. Keep the fish in the salt solution for 4 to 5 days, and then increase the concentration if there’s no improvement."

-------

"How Long Should the Salt Treatment Last?

Leave the salt in the aquarium until the fish looks healthy and then remove the salt by doing water changes.

At the end of treatment, do a 30% water change without adding any salt and then wait a week for observation.

If the disease doesn’t come back, do another 30% water change without replacing the salt and wait another week.

If the disease returns, dose back to the original salt concentration and add a little more salt to increase the solution strength. The original salt concentration probably wasn’t strong enough to completely conquer the sickness, or the fish did not spend enough time in the salt solution to dehydrate all the pathogens."

-------

Aquarium Test Strips
https://www.aquariumcoop.com/products/aquarium-co-op-multi-test-strips